hi everybody welcome back to the kids
fun channel today i'm gonna open three
blind bags two are from lego the
minifigure eans and one of them is mario
kart the Wii version and there's last
balls the third one is the Simpsons go
let's denote and have looked at her
sector today will you we have a busy set
here in front of our play-doh a wall we
have giant spider-man check that out
he's singing songs too and then we have
little Cookie Monster as Curious George
in hugs Elmo enough to meet you Bert and
Ernie over here on this side you can
come with the frog and big Cookie
Monster way over here
that's pretty big set all right now
let's open up our first blind bag shall
we let's get the camera all set up right
here
I think but do the mini figurine me
first cuz I'm saving it for last oh oh
well believe it or not this is day 2 of
making the video on the glowing bag the
first day ended with that screaming us
heard oh ah which was me cutting my
finger with the knife I used to open the
blind bag check this out
using a pocketknife it accidentally
picked it up upside down and sliced my
finger into the blade so I'm gonna
continue on video today
oops at the blind bag leg off the green
which one do we have look that cut
didn't gross out now split the screen
now listen oh oh okay here we go
this looks like it's gonna be a fun
figurine to build hmm is it he has a
sword and a helmet with horns it looks
like that one kind of there's a shield
there a cape and see what else is here
oh there's this Florence up so I think
this is it there's two horns here and
the helmet okay let's put the horns on
the helmet first one my finger
the other huh yeah let's see there's his
body put that on here the base and those
arms and legs
I think the Cape goes over the front
like this
this head goes up oh nice to say there's
just head here sorry pretty wrong side
okay put his head on there you look what
you mean with it - yeah I'll put his
helmet on he's cool that's cool
that goes on the front or the back and
that's quite sure where the Cape goes on
the front of the back maybe the back
right that way
yeah where's his there it is
shield here we got his sword yes
cool check that leg oh man a sword and a
shield get a cape okay that's her flying
back number one and it's Prince of more
like times let's see bit better it's
pretty good man it's a bit awkward with
a sore finger backwards their leg
straighten out his helmet on is Kate
fixed there it goes
okay yeah see that this plate being an
adult you still cut us off with a knife
okay our next blind bag is very
carefully with my pocket knife wonder if
anybody can guess what this is
there's feet abdomen head is that Mario
or Luigi
put that aside next to this very
good-looking lego man and then we'll
take the last my bag then you think mean
like on number three it's sitting over
this bag very carefully but I might can
yes it's it's represent soon let's ease
head goes on here there he is look tie
his feet to this makes you have this is
fair
that's fun oh it's supposed to be those
Patriots everyone yeah old man yells at
cloud true story
just hold it there I guess it's right
there there it isn't old me and yells at
cloud that we represents alone right
there are three blind bags today like a
man with the horns and the shield and
the sword Grampa Simpson thanks for
watching everybody hope you liked the
video and sorry to put the cut well
here's that sound again oh thanks for
watching have a great day